gh-112343: pdb: Use tokenize to replace convenience variables (#112380)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2023-11-24-19-08-50.gh-issue-112343.RarGFC.rst

> Switch to :mod:`tokenize` for convenience variables to avoid replacing strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Switch to :mod:`tokenize` for pdb convenience variables to avoid replacing strings.
```

Reviewer 2: I'd actually probably avoid mentioning `tokenize` at all in this news entry — news entries should generally discuss user-visible behaviour changes rather than the implementation details of how those changes have been achieved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve handling of pdb convenience variables to avoid replacing string contents.
```
